Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Morning.
Jessica Freeman: How's it going,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How's it going over you.
Jessica Freeman: Know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't know. Tell me.
Jessica Freeman: I mean, I'm doing the best I can.
Jessica Freeman: And you know i mean i don't i'm not i don't have a master's in special education. I'm not a behavioral analysis or analyst like
Jessica Freeman: I'm doing the best I can.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, he went and spent the night at my mom's house last Thursday, and that was nice.
Jessica Freeman: But, you know, like, all I can do is
Jessica Freeman: You know, get a little bit of rest.
Jessica Freeman: So I can get anything done.
Jessica Freeman: You know, take a shower and like just lay down and just enjoy the laying down undisturbed.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's what you did.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I mean, if I had more time without him, then I would get my rest and then I would
Jessica Freeman: You know, get some things done, but
Jessica Freeman: The list that we talked about. I put that into action and it was going really well there for a minute.
Jessica Freeman: But then he got really sick. And then for like two straight weeks, he was so high maintenance just unbelievably high maintenance round the clock for like two weeks. And by the way, we ended up going to the ER.
Jessica Freeman: That day couple weeks ago, where is last time I saw you. I think three weeks, maybe I think we was too.
Jessica Freeman: Um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So yeah, we will have them.
Jessica Freeman: And the fever. They said they attributed the fever to fighting off.
Jessica Freeman: An infection. Now it could be the ear infection that he had or could be a virus. It could be anything there like just let that play out because it did break the fever did break. But he was still screaming because when I had to go you know his feet were cramping from dehydration. So
Jessica Freeman: I did, I
Jessica Freeman: Like a
Jessica Freeman: Medical syringe and I was trying to give him.
Jessica Freeman: Like Pedialyte and I got, I got a little bit in him and he was feeling pretty good about it. And then he started throwing up and you know he was throwing up file and it was like green. And I'm like, Okay, we're going to the ER right now.
Jessica Freeman: So that was like dehydration. So they said that you know what they gave me an opportunity to do to get him feeling better with less drastic measures and
Jessica Freeman: He said, You have one hour to get 20 medical syringes, full of 18 milliliters nope 15 milliliters each
Jessica Freeman: So 2015 milliliter syringes into his mouth and swallowed of a combination of Pedialyte Gatorade water and apple juice and he bought me every step of the way. But I got it, I got it in him in that hour
Jessica Freeman: He doesn't even know how lucky is because the next thing they were going to do was
Jessica Freeman: You know, use a catheter and like an IV and monitors urine and keep them overnight, maybe even admit him so I'm not worried about the bills because like we got Medicaid and his Medicaid is federal so I'm not worried about that.
Jessica Freeman: I didn't want to have to put him through that, if I could avoid it. So,
Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: To get that done. Come on, keto God
Jessica Freeman: So he's still was kind of crappy for the next few days.
Jessica Freeman: But then he finally got back to normal, like the past three or four days he's been just really good a lot more low maintenance a lot more like himself, you know, real sweet and wants to play independently.
Jessica Freeman: Real active, you know,
Jessica Freeman: So he knows
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my gosh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That I can't even imagine.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, it's got to be tough.
Jessica Freeman: But you know, I just put my head down and power through the whole situation and just did what needed to be done and it's not good. When you act aired around your kids, you know, like I had to just
Jessica Freeman: You know, be the calm and steadying force and you know I know he was scared because everybody's hospitals wearing masks. You know, it's a real a weird situation. So I just tried to make him as comfortable as I could. And he did really well really proud of them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow, that is just insane and I can't even imagine going into the emergency room right now for an adult, but for a kid, you know,
Jessica Freeman: Fortunately, I have
Jessica Freeman: A Children's Hospital at you and him and they have like you can either when you go to the Children's Hospital. They can either take you to like the children's urgent care or they can take your current emergency room. So we went to the emergency room and
Jessica Freeman: I have to say the staff was great, like we had a positive experience at what for what it is you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, that's good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah.
But it was struggling
Jessica Freeman: I'm just glad it's over. I'm glad he's back to normal. I'm glad I don't have medical bills.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah I don't blame you at all.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So tell me what you've been doing
Jessica Freeman: I'm trying to maintain my sanity.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For you.
Jessica Freeman: I don't really have any baby mommy.
Jessica Freeman: Do you want to say hi to my friends say
Hi.
Jessica Freeman: He said,
He actually
Jessica Freeman: Very good.
Jessica Freeman: Mommy, so proud of you.
Jessica Freeman: And was question. Oh, yeah. Okay. So maintaining my salary. All right, I go to bed, nice and early I get as much sleep as I can. As soon as he's down I'm down.
Jessica Freeman: Hey, go, you know, my mom. She's somewhat helpful. She'll come over here if I need to like run errands.
Jessica Freeman: Or yesterday I had kids, maybe the day before yesterday before his kindergarten IEP progression meeting.
Jessica Freeman: Turns out that his school, the new school, not the charter school but like the public elementary school that I put him in because they have stuff going on right now and the charter school
Jessica Freeman: They have an excellent program. I don't think he's ready for kindergarten, but they have actually, you know,
Jessica Freeman: Three different programs. They've got like general ed which he's not on and then they have general ed with like special ed support.
Jessica Freeman: And then they have a special ed class or kindergarten. So, um, he's going to go into special ed kindergarten class and they work on social communication stuff and they use pecs boards and
Jessica Freeman: They're going to work on some sign language with him because he's he's just more into that than he's been with anything else as far as methods of communication. So,
Jessica Freeman: I'm learning some and he's learning some and we're practicing it and he has preschool every day for half an hour and he has speech twice a week for half an hour. It's hard to keep them engaged.
Jessica Freeman: It's really hard and they don't see learning anything but I'm doing everything I can to to keep them engaged with it.
Jessica Freeman: And generate right bring pops.
Jessica Freeman: So I can get him to sit on my lap with the ring pop
Jessica Freeman: Hey, can you please let me do this for a little bit. Can you go play. Can you please go play front of it. So when we can talk to your friend.
Jessica Freeman: Thank you so much, you such a sweet boy. All right, go play baby, let's get you plugged in over here.
Jessica Freeman: Sorry. He's very affectionate
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay. I guess we
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, it's
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, come here.
Jessica Freeman: Go play for a little bit and then Mommy will
Jessica Freeman: Wrestle, are you all around.
Jessica Freeman: His new thing is he wants me to grab him by the hand and foot and like swinging back and forth and then ultimately like toss him onto the couch or the bed or whatever, which is fun and I he's having a blast with it, but it's physically exhausting.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It has to be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Holy cow.
Jessica Freeman: He's just getting so big you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He's almost big as you all
Jessica Freeman: Right.
Jessica Freeman: I talked to his dad. And I'm like, Are you just out of curiosity, like I really don't care what the answer is. But
Jessica Freeman: Are you planning on, you know, trying to move out here to Albuquerque. And he's like, Yeah, yeah, totally.
Jessica Freeman: Which is what he said about moving to Indianapolis for, like, I don't know, three years, so I'm not really holding my breath.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Where does he live
Jessica Freeman: Michigan.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How did you and him connect up if he was in one state you are in the other.
Jessica Freeman: He know he lives in Indianapolis and that's how we met. And then when when he stole King from me when I had to go to the recovery house and do all that stuff and he took him to Michigan and he never left. Now I had in. Let's see.
Jessica Freeman: late June of 2017 and I was supposed to have him for like a week like Fourth of July week and then I supposed to send him back to Michigan.
Jessica Freeman: But then when I got him, I was like, Oh, you're malnourished and you have like serious diaper rash, you know. So I called the daycare up in Michigan where he'd been attending and I talked to the teachers I got enough information and documentation to never send him back to Michigan.
Jessica Freeman: And
Jessica Freeman: Yeah. Since then, Colin has not been able to have kin.
Jessica Freeman: Like on his own, without his, his mother or his grandmother or his, you know, somebody has to be with him while he has key.
Jessica Freeman: Because I don't trust him.
Jessica Freeman: Right happened to many times too many times.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It just doesn't take care of them. He doesn't know how to
Jessica Freeman: He's just looking lazy, you know, I'll just let
Jessica Freeman: Me tell him, buddy. He let him sit in a dirty diaper and, you know, given given sure instead of dinner, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, he's just lazy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is crazy.
Jessica Freeman: Well he's 12 years younger than I am.
Jessica Freeman: Shame on me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How do
Jessica Freeman: I turn 40
Jessica Freeman: When we met. He was like he had just turned 22 and I was like 34
Jessica Freeman: And it was never meant to be what it is you know
Jessica Freeman: I thought, I thought I didn't want to have any more kids and if any, anything like that happened, then you know I would.
Jessica Freeman: Terminate that, but then when it happened.
Jessica Freeman: You know, I've been pregnant twice in my life, and both those times. I didn't particularly want to have a baby.
Jessica Freeman: But I couldn't bring myself.
Jessica Freeman: To do that, right, and no judgment on anybody else but for me I just couldn't couldn't
Jessica Freeman: Anyway, they've both been the biggest gifts my entire life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Pretty amazing.
Jessica Freeman: Although I wish I'd done a better job with the first one, but
Jessica Freeman: You know, I don't, I'm not going to live in regret about it. You know, I can't change it and Brendan and I are good, like we're really good and
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, he's moving to Texas Memorial Day weekend.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: On two weeks.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, so once he gets all settled there he's going to come and visit mom and I out here in Albuquerque. And I'm hoping he'll Scott says he can stay for two weeks and man, my mom was like, how about a month. So we'll see how it turned out. But I cannot wait to see him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't blame you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's got to be exciting. Is he excited
Jessica Freeman: He's resigned to it. He's like, okay, this is what's going to happen. So
Jessica Freeman: We fight it with with Scott. That's kind of how it is like he's a dictator when you put it down on something you can see why we're not married anymore. Okay.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, doesn't work.
Jessica Freeman: But Brandon is his son and like you know Scott controls the purse strings and he's a megalomaniac he going, I don't know.
Jessica Freeman: Some kind of ego. He's all the fucking maniacs all about
Jessica Freeman: That yeah he's
Jessica Freeman: Serious control freak.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's almost a narcissist.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, a narcissist with OCD.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my god. So tell me, what about your listing and what you're doing.
Jessica Freeman: Sure, let us look
Jessica Freeman: I have like a to do list. And I've gotten I got several things on it done before. Everything went to hell.
Jessica Freeman: And now I'm just he's only been back to normal for like three or four days.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, so
Jessica Freeman: See
Jessica Freeman: Definitely staying connected. I've been talking to a lot of my friends from Indianapolis.
Jessica Freeman: And I killed it with mother say gifs killed it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What
Jessica Freeman: Do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What they say when they got your gifts.
Jessica Freeman: And we'll actually
Jessica Freeman: Here's the problem with that. I got it in advance, like well in advance. I ordered it on April 15
Jessica Freeman: And then I shipped it well in advance, but I knew I know the post office. So I just waited and then I put postage stamps on it.
Jessica Freeman: So the first day returned it and said, insufficient postage. So I put some more postage on it and then they returned it the day before Mother's Day I get it back in the mailbox.
Jessica Freeman: And it says that, because there's postage stamps on it and it's like over recorders inch thick or whatever, like it's a security risk.
Jessica Freeman: So I told them about it and I was like, dude, I tried like this was supposed to be there well in advance. Mother's Day, but the post office.
Jessica Freeman: I guess I guess I learned a valuable lesson. Like, if it's a package take you to the post office. I didn't want to go to the post office. I never will want to go to the post office.
Jessica Freeman: To ship anything ever again.
Jessica Freeman: But yeah, so I went on Tuesday morning and got the packages out and I provided tracking numbers to both of them, and it should be there by Saturday but mom. My mom was really happy with her.
Jessica Freeman: Cards and gifts and her birthday was yesterday and I got her a nice birthday gift as well. And we had Steak and potatoes for dinner, and had a really nice night together.
Jessica Freeman: So it was good and then today.
Jessica Freeman: I am hosting a zoom room for all long distance people such as myself that are not able to attend my mama's 90th birthday party in Indianapolis and they're having a drive thru party.
Jessica Freeman: But this is for people that can't drive through and they just want to drop in. So I'm hosting a two hour zoom room doctrine from one to three my time.
Jessica Freeman: Wow. Yeah.
Excited about
Jessica Freeman: Sure.
Jessica Freeman: I mean, it might be not there. It depends on who shows up. But if people show up and it's people i like i wouldn't be nice otherwise.
Jessica Freeman: I can just turn off my video and my, you know, mute myself and I don't have to engage with that if I don't want to
Write
Jessica Freeman: Oh, that's funny. Yeah, that's what's so great. That's what's so great about this is because you you know you can turn off your video and you don't have to engage. They're not like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In your face, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You get run to the opposite side of the room to get away from people, you just turn off your video.
Jessica Freeman: Have you used Google meets
Jessica Freeman: Well, they're using it for all of his school stuff right now and I would like to say it sucks you don't have nearly as many options.
Jessica Freeman: It's difficult.
Jessica Freeman: That we're making it work. And then my brother, my fucking brother.
Jessica Freeman: And he set up. He's having a Sunday salon. Okay, which is like he sent this event invite out on Facebook. So all of his international people because he's he's Mr international he's lived
Jessica Freeman: In Japan and Hong Kong and United Arab Emirates and Malaysia and every fucking place he lived there or Hawaii whatever he's Mr world traveler so
Jessica Freeman: He's having this event for everybody that he knows all over the world to come and share thoughts and ideas and posts and videos and podcasts and
Jessica Freeman: I don't have fucking room in my brain for that shit. I don't. I just can't put all of my resources are going to him that that again. This little guy. My dog. He has needs as well.
Jessica Freeman: So yeah, so I I wait until the last possible minute and then I to respond. And then I I clicked can't go not even 10 minutes later this fucker is calling me from Portugal to ask me why I can't go.
Jessica Freeman: And unlike I just don't feel like I have anything to contribute. And he said, I think he went off on like a 20 minute diatribe about insecurity. I was like, okay, you know, and he won't let me get a word in edgewise. So I just have to sit there and listen to them.
Jessica Freeman: So finally, there's breaking the conversation. I'm like, that's, that's not necessarily my issue. It's just, I just don't have any resources to put into this. No.
Jessica Freeman: And he's like, well, just your presence is a contribution.
Jessica Freeman: Whatever. He's trying to be nice, all of a sudden when still though still he does these he's all about himself. He only thinks about himself.
Jessica Freeman: Isn't he cannot see past the end of his own nose and he's he's trying to be like like nice, but it's disingenuous. Okay, I can see right through that shit.
Jessica Freeman: And I just don't want it. I just don't want to engage, but I also don't want to have a negative relationship with him because he's really emotional and who knows what he's going to do
Jessica Freeman: You know, with what he'll say to people, or how he'll treat me. I don't have time for the conflict. I have absolutely no inclination to get involved with any of that.
So,
Jessica Freeman: I think I explained it diplomatically.
Jessica Freeman: And I'll try to drop into the thing but I make no promises.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have you guys had a close relationship or have you guys had a strained relationship.
Jessica Freeman: Well, we were very close when we were growing up, and in my like late teens.
Jessica Freeman: You know,
Jessica Freeman: We live together. You know, we were roommates. So we were really close. And then when I met Brendan's dad.
Jessica Freeman: We just kind of went
Jessica Freeman: In opposite ways he couldn't stand Scott and he didn't, you know, it just wasn't a good mix. Because Scott is like
Jessica Freeman: An ignorant white trash, you know, and then Adam is Mr world traveler intellectual PhD. They just to just, they just do not mix well and
Jessica Freeman: So then, Adam moved to Japan. And I was like,
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I think he left to right after my wedding. Yeah, so he moved to Japan, and he's never moved back, you know, to the United States other than he lived in Hawaii for like six months with my cousin, Jason.
Jessica Freeman: And when he has visited through throughout the years I've been dealing with the progression of my disease, you know,
Jessica Freeman: And things between us have been seriously explosive like every time he would come back, my life would implode and I would get arrested or
Jessica Freeman: You know, go to rehab or whatever it, it always like things would be okay and then Adam would visit and then my life would fall to shit every time. So this past visit, you know, I'm sober and sober for a minute and
Jessica Freeman: He he he was, he it was from my mom's wedding. So he was here.
Jessica Freeman: We went to Albuquerque. We spent a week in Albuquerque. And then we went to Indianapolis and then he was there for like a month and then he traveled to New York and some other places.
Jessica Freeman: And then, you know, to, to live. So this past time was like the opposite because he is drinking too much and engaging in you know alcoholic and addict Vader and you know I can't identify him like that he has to identify for himself.
Jessica Freeman: So it was just really like polar opposite of everything that we've
Jessica Freeman: Done before that I had, I had my shit together and I held it together. My life is good. It's been stable for a while, and he just didn't really fit into that, you know,
Jessica Freeman: Like he's all over the place. He's, he's a fucking roller coaster.
Jessica Freeman: And he thinks he's right about everything, and he thinks he's the smartest person in the world, and he's Mr world traveler. So, you know, he's just so fucking arrogant. So I practice a lot of tolerance and a lot of holding my tongue and just trying to be
Jessica Freeman: You know, positive and supporting and accepting but without approving. You know, I don't know.
Jessica Freeman: I just didn't engage with him.
Jessica Freeman: And then he left. And it's been pretty much the same way. Now for the visits like as far as all the visits that Adam has made to the US in past 20 years it was the best one that we've had in 20 years guarantee, but it still wasn't good.
Jessica Freeman: He's on he's on a different track.
Jessica Freeman: And you see the path of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Destruction that's coming
Jessica Freeman: I do. I also think that this newfound interest in you know really personally connecting with everybody. I think it's bullshit.
Jessica Freeman: I'm trying to give them the benefit of the doubt. But there's just holes in everything that he says
Right.
Jessica Freeman: I know what
He's doing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What's he doing
Jessica Freeman: My mom is now married to a very wealthy man.
Jessica Freeman: And Adam has always been about the money.
Jessica Freeman: So, I mean, he he's got an agenda. He's always got an agenda.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Wow.
Jessica Freeman: That's heavy, it's heavy stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, feels really heavy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, and it has been for years. The only thing that's changed now as opposed to all the horrible years is that I've got my shit together now. And I don't have to
Jessica Freeman: It doesn't have to like upset me and blow my lid and you know I don't, I'm not upset about it. It makes me sad, but
Jessica Freeman: It's not impacting my world, you know,
Jessica Freeman: Gotta be alive. I'm happy with my life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, and how's the relationship between him and your mom.
Jessica Freeman: Company complicated
Jessica Freeman: He can get your hands out of your pants, please. Thank you.
Jessica Freeman: Boys.
Jessica Freeman: It's been strained for a really long time. Adam has been really aggressive and
Jessica Freeman: He just really pushes his opinions and like I'm never coming back to the US and mom's a liar and he's been saying this stuff for years and years and years.
Jessica Freeman: And all he does is like he pushes her to find out her financial records. This is what he wants. He's like, I want to help you so that we can invest and blah, blah, blah.
Jessica Freeman: But you have to, you know, show me the truth, mom. And if you don't, you're a liar. So that's what's been like, up until she married, Bob. That's how he's they've been estranged like he he's gone for
Jessica Freeman: Very long periods of time without having any interaction with my mom so she marries Bob and now he's trying to ingratiate himself with mom and Bob
Jessica Freeman: And I don't know, I just feel like it's false. Oh hang on one second.
Jessica Freeman: I've been sharing a meeting on Wednesdays.
Jessica Freeman: No, honey. Not yet. Mommy has mommy's busy. Okay.
Jessica Freeman: All right, go play honey mom is busy right now.
Jessica Freeman: So I was doing like back to my list.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: I was doing like I've been doing Monday through Friday daily meetings and
Jessica Freeman: More music less TV as pretty good about that for a minute. But now I started watching Westworld so I'm kind of addicted.
Jessica Freeman: And then on my on this list was make a to do list and I'm on my second version of my to do list because my first version had so much stuff crossed off.
Jessica Freeman: And I didn't have much room on the page. So I just copied over the things that weren't done and added some new things and I have a nice list and I am making progress. Not as much progress as I would like. But, um, you know, some progress.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah so well. Some is better than none. Right.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you know you've got your hands full. You've got this baby that needs mama. You know, so do what you can. When you can just kind of how it works. You know, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so how has your, you said that your mom and had your baby for 24 hours. So you got some rest.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's already
Jessica Freeman: She said,
Jessica Freeman: Well 3pm. And then I got him back at 11am
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So, not even 24
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So tell me what you've been doing for yourself care. How has that been as far as taking care of yourself and meeting your needs and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: While I'm going to just
Jessica Freeman: Admit. It's been a really rough few weeks.
Jessica Freeman: And it things are just now getting to the point where
Jessica Freeman: You know, back to back to normal, where he will play independently and you know will place together and but just not
Jessica Freeman: Constantly you know he doesn't need my constant attention. So things are just now getting back to that place and this morning I placed an order for
Jessica Freeman: Some new a literature.
Jessica Freeman: Right as a sponsor like I had given a bunch of stuff away. So I just wanted to replace my literature on the patio furniture is amazing. And I'm gonna get a grill. I was just talking to Bob about that last night. So I'm about to buy a grill.
Jessica Freeman: And I've been thinking that I don't want to go back to this job where I'm taking an unpaid leave of absence. I think that because I'm in the best financial place I've been in maybe in my whole life. Um,
Jessica Freeman: I think I might want to go back to school.
Jessica Freeman: And and clean up my credit and make myself more employable or maybe a business owner. Yeah, but I gotta get my credit and clean up so that I can
Jessica Freeman: I need a business loan, I need to be able to get a business loan or if I need to finance getting my teeth fixed, you know, then
Jessica Freeman: I can you know
Jessica Freeman: Have a lot of different options. Once I take care of that. And I haven't even done anything with the last job that I got. It's like $5,342 and it's just sitting like
Jessica Freeman: On the kitchen overpass counter thing between the kitchen and the dining room just sitting there because I don't want to do anything with it until it has a purpose. And I don't want to decide on that purpose. Like, like that. I really want to be sure about what I'm going to do with it.
Jessica Freeman: Right. Oh.
Jessica Freeman: Um, I know this doesn't really count as self care. But to me, it kind of does because it's something I'm doing for myself.
Jessica Freeman: So I'm thinking about
Jessica Freeman: Some continuing education.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What would you go back to school for
Jessica Freeman: Well, at my last job in Indianapolis. I loved it so much.
Jessica Freeman: I would like to dive deeper into
Jessica Freeman: I'm
Jessica Freeman: Coding and
Jessica Freeman: Web development.
Jessica Freeman: And
Jessica Freeman: Possibly like work for the get HubSpot certified or Salesforce Salesforce certified and maybe be able to work remotely.
Jessica Freeman: From one of those CRM.
Jessica Freeman: until I'm ready to do something on on my own.
Jessica Freeman: I really like working in a CRM. I love that like the coding aspect and
Jessica Freeman: Development it's it's really, really interesting and
Jessica Freeman: That's what I want to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That sounds awesome.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So have you been looking into what that would entail, if you were to
Ask
Jessica Freeman: And I'm I mean I'm still in research mode. I've gathered some information. And I'm going to gather some more.
And
Jessica Freeman: And discuss it with Bob
Jessica Freeman: And mom and I don't know. I'm gonna make I'll make a decision. Soon I just want to make sure I have all all the information
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, gather the facts first
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I love that isn't, it isn't it great when you're able to just evaluate it and work on changing the things that you want to change for your future.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you know,
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I've never been in the situation. I've always been like broke his buck.
Jessica Freeman: You know, just barely scraping by but but I get $783 a
Jessica Freeman: Month SSI that covers my rent and my car payment that I paid to mom and Bob I have over $600 of food stamps because of Hova they put all this money in
Jessica Freeman: Like 300 bucks a month, you know, you just keep pouring it in and it's just me, you know, and him so
Jessica Freeman: that'll last us a while.
Jessica Freeman: So I'm really not putting out much money. I don't have to like fill my gas tank. I just did the other day for the first time in like two months.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Probably why gas prices down where you're at.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, they are.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Isn't that crazy. It's like, all of a sudden, nobody can leave and drive around and you know gas prices shoot down and then whenever society completely opens up there, it's going to shoot through the roof.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: You know, well hopefully they're playing it smart about that. I thought I heard something where they're like stockpiling. I don't know.
Jessica Freeman: I have stopped watching the news entirely and I'll look on look stuff up. Like if I want to know, like, Okay, well, what is our governor have to say about this issue, then I'll look it up.
Jessica Freeman: I'm not watching the news anymore.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah I don't watch it either.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have no control.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There, you know, the little place that that I used to live in Oregon.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's a tourist area. So it's on the coast and last weekend 700 people from Portland came up to the coast and tried to do their stay and do their vacation and they were sent away, they could run a motel room. They couldn't. Everything was closed like it was like it's been right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It upset a bunch of people. So they're the Saturday, they are taking about 2000 people from Portland going back to the coast and holding a rally.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow, demanding that they open the ghost right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so what I thought was funny. Was that the city council members decided in retaliation of this rally.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They're going to close all the bathrooms.
Jessica Freeman: All the what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The bathroom. Yes, all the public bathroom. So I thought I, in my mind, what I'm thinking is, that's not going to work. You're gonna have people. You know what I mean.
Jessica Freeman: We still have to use the restroom. So maybe the rally people should just bring in porta potties or something.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I just thought, God, where do you, where do people come up with these since. Let's just close the bottom so that they can you know order to me in protest and pee and poop all over the beach and oh
Jessica Freeman: My god. It's ridiculous.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I just thought that was just chaotic like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Who thought of that. And you know what I mean. And who
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: These people agreed to this. Yeah, it's blows my mind, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow. Yeah, that sounds
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sounds like a great idea because it's all going to go so great. And, you know, people are going to be calm about it and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, I can't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Go to the restroom. You know, it's a two hour drive just to the coast. I can't go to the restroom. When I get he just blows me away. It's like, that's kind of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you know, these are the answers that you know these people are coming up with to solve these issues that are coming up and they just make
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No sense
No.
Jessica Freeman: And now there's like this big debate Dr Faust, she is saying like, don't let the kids go back to school in the fall. Now I I generally lean towards Dr our cheese advice, but on this one, like we need to figure out a way to safely get our children back in school. Yes, cannot continue
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it doesn't make sense. And you'll hear depending on who you listen to and what you listen
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To because there's been other people that have said kids shouldn't have never been taken out of school.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you know there's no reason for it and you know they should still be in school right now and we're hindering our children with their education by trying to do it this way. And you know, it's, I think, depending on who you listen to, you're going to get all sides of it and
Jessica Freeman: You know none of all I know is what I believe.
Jessica Freeman: And I said, we need to put measures into place. Okay, and get the kids back to school.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I totally agree with you, because they are not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's not helping them in any way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and then let's push them through to next year when they haven't learned what they need to learn in this is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, they can get farther back later on down the road.
Jessica Freeman: All of a sudden, yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's crazy. Our kids are all going to fail. And it's like, it's because they don't know the material, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Still got to keep up on that stuff, cuz those state, you know, testing, they need to happen, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it just is a chaotic mess. And I think they're going to band aid things
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Well,
Jessica Freeman: I hope so. I don't know. I don't feel like
Jessica Freeman: Like we should totally reopen, but I do think that there are some some vital things that we can't. There's just not sustainable. The way that it is
Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: I don't know I I despise President Trump I call him President Dushku
Jessica Freeman: I despised him.
Jessica Freeman: Before, and now I despise him even more.
Jessica Freeman: And I'm actually like preparing myself mentally and emotionally for him. Like for him to get reelected. Like, it's probably going to happen because Biden's not going to win.
Jessica Freeman: And we only have two choices. So I'm pretty pissed about that. I think our politics, like the whole system is bullshit like we need more options. This is crap.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But I'm sure I'm not the
Jessica Freeman: First person in history to to feel that way. And last year was the same thing. I mean, I voted for Hillary, but I know a lot of people wouldn't. We just don't have a good Democratic candidate.
Jessica Freeman: And so he's gonna win. And then there's going to be another four years.
Jessica Freeman: And I hate him and I hate him him so much.
Jessica Freeman: He's with he's a cotton candy haired nitwit
Jessica Freeman: I got really strong feelings like I actually stopped dating a guy because I found out that he voted for Trump.
Jessica Freeman: And most of my family in Indiana or republican
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Jessica Freeman: So we don't talk politics are either
Jessica Freeman: They can all they want, and I'll go outside and take a break.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah I don't blame him politics is not the subject to be on for anybody.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's like that with my father.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To he believes in Trump and he's 100% for him. But if you don't believe in Trump and it's like, don't talk to him. And so it's like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm just not even getting engaged in any kind of warfare conversation with them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have your beliefs. I have mine. And that's perfectly okay yeah I'll leave it alone. So let's get back to your list.
Jessica Freeman: And that was the end of the list, but I can get my to do list.
Jessica Freeman: Okay.
Jessica Freeman: I'm going on year I got a call a couple of places that have charged my checking account in error. It's like three of those.
Jessica Freeman: Who will finish that one.
Jessica Freeman: I'm like, halfway through cleaning the master bathroom. I got like toilet part done, but I didn't do the counters or anything yet so halfway through. Oh, I took a keto to the vet and I got his medication refills.
Jessica Freeman: And
Jessica Freeman: I bought
Jessica Freeman: I bought a filing cabinet and like all this stuff to organize my paperwork. So I have like our folders and hanging folders and labels and a label maker which mom gave me that like second here and
Jessica Freeman: I'm ready to organize my paperwork ready. Okay, yeah, which I kind of did like a preliminary sort through and an all I had was hanging file folders. I was like, this isn't gonna work. I need subcategories so
Jessica Freeman: So I got all this stuff and I'm ready to do that.
Jessica Freeman: I'm going to go through my Spotify playlist. I actually started this one, you know, going along with the more music less TV before key and got sick and it was fine, because I hadn't hadn't gone through Spotify like since my older sons 10th birthday. Okay.
Jessica Freeman: I guess a long time. So I was listening to all the playlist that I made in like 2013 2014 and I'm like oh my god you know
Jessica Freeman: Flashback
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Not
Jessica Freeman: The same person anymore. Like, not even
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: listen to songs that you used to listen to you and think, why did I ever like this.
Jessica Freeman: Yes, ma'am. That's exactly what happened.
Jessica Freeman: Like the whole dubstep era.
Jessica Freeman: But then I also like while I was doing this I threw my I through Brendan, a huge birthday party for his 10th. I had like bunch of inflatables like a bounce house and obstacle course I had big sumo suit so the kids can wrestle with the Sumo suit.
Jessica Freeman: And some others that I can't remember like there were like three or four enormous inflatables, and then I made a I made a Spotify playlist just his party like and there was a bunch of 10 year olds and like most of the music on that playlist that I made was so inappropriate. Like, I shouldn't
Jessica Freeman: Play 10 year old birthday party. What was I thinking
Jessica Freeman: I was thinking on drugs.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And there it is.
Jessica Freeman: That they all had a blast. I will say that the party was a huge success.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This music
Jessica Freeman: Oh no, they loved it. They were all like standing up on tables dancing together. I got, I got some good video of
Jessica Freeman: A group of 10 year old dirty dancing.
Jessica Freeman: Okay. What else is on
Jessica Freeman: Oh, so I'm going to. And this is one of my newest additions. I'm going to call around to UNAM and ABA centers like all over the city to see if anybody is offering anything like any in home services like any kind of therapy in person.
Jessica Freeman: Anything and see if I can get him engaged with that is, he needs. He needs something in person and I need, you know, an hour to collect my thoughts.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: So,
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, that's on my list. I had to set an appointment with a veterinary ophthalmologist, but I already got the referral. So I just need to call
Up the ophthalmologist
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For your dog.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, he has cataracts. He has dry eyes. He gets infections constantly. I'm just, I really want to see if there's anything I can do to improve his quality of life.
Mm hmm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nice.
Jessica Freeman: And I mean that's that's about it. And the other stuff is like unpack box, you know, put stuff up on your ledger.
Jessica Freeman: And do stuff around the house. But yeah, I did accomplish several things.
Jessica Freeman: Several things and it felt great. And I was going to tell you about it like that. First time like and then we had to miss because I was going to tell you, like I did this.
Jessica Freeman: But since then, I've thrown away that version. So I can't remember what all he had done. But it was good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A lot done
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
I did.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A definitely makes you feel better when you're able to accomplish things that have been on your mind to do that. You haven't been able to do. There's like a freedom in it. It's kind of amazing, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: one less thing one less thing to worry about.
Jessica Freeman: Some of these things. I just have to do, little by little, as I can. But there are some things that I should do that. I haven't done that really like are overdue and need to be done.
Jessica Freeman: So I'm going to now that he's back to normal. I'm trying to pay more attention to this.
Mm hmm.
Jessica Freeman: Step one is, you know, clean the kitchen did that.
Jessica Freeman: Like laundry. So it's also nice to put it through today. So, you know, once the houses in a general state of okay and I he get back to my list.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Awesome.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you're staying busy you staying active in recovery, you are you know upfront present you are 100% staying busy and on top of things.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What I like is that you aren't giving yourself the opportunity to get stuck in the boredom trap.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know you are
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: staying active and staying busy and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, even downtime when you're watching Netflix, your mind is still active. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so it's pretty amazing. Definitely.
Jessica Freeman: Thanks, man. It's nice to hear
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's the adjustment. You know what I mean. The you know we're supposed to when things like this happen in the world. And we're limited to what we can do what we can't do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's amazing to see what we can actually accomplish when we just put our mind to it. You know what I mean.
Jessica Freeman: Yes, ma'am. Yes, I do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: acclimate into the new way of doing things for a while and not get bored and there's plenty to do if you just look
Jessica Freeman: Oh my god.
Jessica Freeman: You know, got a mountain of shit to do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, there's plenty to do if you just look
Jessica Freeman: Oh, and also, I've been working on learning new sign language been working with key in on new sign language also some other things like tracing. I'm trying to get him to trace is, you know,
Jessica Freeman: He just doesn't like he doesn't do the color and he's just not into it. So I'm trying to get him to do that. And we're having some success. I got him to write a K on my mom's Mother's Day card and that was pretty cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Awesome.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, little things. I wish I could. I wish I could do more to educate him. I just, I feel like I'm already putting so much
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Out like I just don't have anymore. Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: Sorry, I gotta get this kid plugged in, and I've had
Jessica Freeman: All okay
Jessica Freeman: So should we make a list for next time.
Yep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. So you're just going to keep going to your meetings right daily staying connected to your people.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: One of the most vital most important things you know that you stay connected with your people.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With your system.
Jessica Freeman: Doing pretty good with that I've talked to several of my good girlfriends like kind of with everybody and you know it's good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, very much so. It's good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any ice any contact with your neighbor.
Jessica Freeman: Oh yeah, Aaron Yeah we whenever he's out. He works a lot. So I guess what his job is, is he
Jessica Freeman: Works in the lifeline. The helicopter, but I'm like for the Nick you and pediatrics. So, you know, he'll work four days on and three days off. So whenever he's home and I'm out walking the dog and you know he's out in the garage doing stuff will stop and and chat.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nice, nice.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Jessica Freeman: I'm, I'm in. I don't know which lists, I should add this too, but I definitely need to write it down. I have let my email inbox get really back though I've got like over 500 emails I haven't even looked at. So I need to catch that up. I'm going to put that on my to do list.
Okay.
Jessica Freeman: Cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Cool. Okay, good. And, you know, you want to make sure that you're staying connected, you're talking to your sponsor, you're, you're going to your meetings every day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get your filing cabinet. Get your paperwork in order
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Make sure that you're doing. You're engaging in your self care.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: That one has gone a bit to the wayside. The past few weeks, but like I said like loser. These are back to normal. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you'll be able to get back to ya self. Cool. Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: I think I'd be able to get my nails done soon I have to call and get an appointment, but I think they're opening up soon.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Gosh. Thank gosh all
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. Holy cow.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, my all my nails need help, there's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just
Jessica Freeman: It's so bad.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know it's like those simple things that we do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like that. It's so I don't think we realize how important they are.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To just be able to take the time out to you know handle
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: handle those things. It may, it brings up our self esteem and our self worth. And, you know, it just makes us feel good. And when they
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Were not able to do it. It's like, oh my god.
Jessica Freeman: Suck.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know, big time. Like, don't look at me, look at my nails. Don't look.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know, and the craziest part for me, I think, is that we can explode it into way more and we actually can like start thinking, other people are thinking what you know we start believing what other people are thinking, without even asking what they're thinking.
Jessica Freeman: That is so true.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like mind reading all of a sudden we're mind reading other people because we know they're looking bad as
Jessica Freeman: They probably don't give a crap.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right on.
Jessica Freeman: Times out of 10
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: nine and a half times out of 10 they really
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's just amazing. What do you think about it. Okay, so tell me what else you're going to accomplish this week.
Jessica Freeman: Well, I put i mean i basically kept the same list but I added self care with three exclamation points and I changed and make your make a to do list to take down your to do list.
Jessica Freeman: So I feel like it's a good list.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very much so. You do. You've got continue researching your education on
Jessica Freeman: Right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I love whenever somebody thinks about going back to school and doing something different. You know what I mean and engaging in something that they're passionate about.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because I know that when you're in a job that you're not happy with it. Just can affect everything. Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: I've been there for years.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I've been there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so it's my last
Jessica Freeman: Time I loved my last job. It was so fulfilling. I loved it so much. And so if I can take like the best parts of that and make a career out of it and that's
Jessica Freeman: That's what I want to do.
So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And the great part about it is that you are perfectly capable to do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, Dr. The brain, you know,
Jessica Freeman: If it's online learning. I'm going to have to like
Jessica Freeman: Scheduled you know babysitters or whatever, like I
Jessica Freeman: Mean I can't do it with him around all the time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, but
Jessica Freeman: You know, I'll figure it out. I'll work it out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Very much so. That's how I did most of my education is online.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And oh,
Jessica Freeman: Geez. I'm sorry.
Jessica Freeman: That's okay. It was the front doors, just my mom. Yeah, my mom.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, okay.
Jessica Freeman: You were saying you did most of your education online.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, because you know working full time being a single mom, raising kids you know you don't have a whole lot of time to go be spending eight hours at it at a college
Jessica Freeman: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: I agree. You don't want to
Jessica Freeman: Spend a bunch of years at it either.
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very much so.
Jessica Freeman: I don't want to bite off more than I can chew.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yep, there it is right there being stressed out and overworked, and underpaid.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I need that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, so what else tell me the three things because you've got three exclamation marks. So that tells me that you have three things that you're going to do for self care.
Jessica Freeman: Okay, I'm definitely going to make a nail appointment.
Jessica Freeman: I'm
Jessica Freeman: Going to take a bubble bath.
Jessica Freeman: A long hot bubble bath.
Jessica Freeman: What else can I do really
Jessica Freeman: Talk mom into keeping them overnight again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's a good idea.
Jessica Freeman: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're already you're taking walks. You know what I mean, you're active in your recovery 100% active in your recovery.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're up front and present for your life right now, Jessica. It's amazing, you know,
Jessica Freeman: Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So stay there.
Jessica Freeman: I will do my best.
Jessica Freeman: I mean, things are finally like settling down. It's been a rough like three weeks. It's just been
Jessica Freeman: Constant, but it's finally settling down so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you did it like a trooper. That's another thing. You know what I mean. You didn't relapse. You didn't you just, you know, kept your eye on the prize and and push through the whole thing, you know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which is pretty amazing, too. Because if anybody, anybody else, you know, would have had to have gone through what you went through with the baby. The last couple weeks.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It would have been a disaster for relapse. You know, those are these are stressors that you know we struggle with handling sometimes, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How do we do it.
Jessica Freeman: I'm not gonna say that. I didn't think about it.
Jessica Freeman: Because I definitely had some thoughts.
Jessica Freeman: But I'm into action.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, it's the action that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Matters. You know, there's those thoughts are always going to be there when things when you're happier when you're sad or life stressful or life's happy, they're always going to be there. But what you can do that, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you didn't act on those on those thoughts and that's the most important thing
Jessica Freeman: And try to talk to support if people
Jessica Freeman: So, you know, kind of tell on myself.
Jessica Freeman: So that
Jessica Freeman: And then usually once it comes out of my mouth. It's like lost its power.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah because secrets. Keep us sick. That's how our disease grows. If we keep the secrets and don't tell anybody about them. That's a cocktail for him to get in there and grab a hold of it and expanded in our head. Well, no one has no you know
Jessica Freeman: It's like, oh, I've been there many times
Jessica Freeman: I just, I don't want to do what I have right now. You know, I don't want to lose the game.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've gained a lot. That's for sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know you're well on your way and to have the life you've always deserved, you know,
Jessica Freeman: Thank you.
Pretty amazing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so you have a list.
I do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I'll be curious to see what you find out about furthering your education and that you follow through with the three self care things that you put on your list.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And whether or not you'll be able to find services for him in the community. I hope that you can because that gives you a little bit more time for you to be able to complete
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The tasks that you have on your list right
Jessica Freeman: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wish the
Jessica Freeman: Community had like a voice with all these decisions that they're making with about education. I feel like the special needs community isn't isn't really being considered, you know,
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I might. I might look into that because I'm part of a couple of moms groups on Facebook like locally and see if anybody else feels the same way that I do and see what can we can do about it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Awesome.
Jessica Freeman: An idea.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, sounds like a great plan. Yeah, so
Jessica Freeman: Well, thank you for everything. I hope you have a great week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I hope you do too. I hope you did too, and I will see you next week.
Jessica Freeman: Okay.
Jessica Freeman: Awesome. I'll be here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, see you later. Okay, bye.